add basic informations about dds tools (#47)
eclipse-cyclonedds/eclipse-cyclonedds.github.io: content/tools.md

> # Tools

Reviewer: I think it is supposed to have a blurb like this:
```
---
Title:       Tools
Author:      Sven Trittler
Date:        2024-05-28
Template:    plain_markdown
---
```
on top, but it does work despite this not being there 🤔

(Note that I just guessed at the contents apart from the `Template: plain_markdown ` line)

Tools are important to learn about your DDS System.

> CycloneDDS provides two tools, a graphical tool and commandline tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CycloneDDS provides two tools, a graphical tool and a command-line tool.
```
